Feat/3908  support for s3 alternative depot backend (#3942)
tracim/tracim: backend/README.md

    pip install -r requirements-db-mysql.txt

> If you want to store file on s3, you need to install s3 driver:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to store files on s3, you need to install s3 driver:
```

    docker pull elasticsearch:7.0.0
    docker run -d -p 9200:9200 -p 9300:9300 -v esdata:/usr/share/elasticsearch -v esconfig:/usr/share/elasticsearch/config -e "discovery.type=single-node" -e "cluster.routing.allocation.disk.threshold_enabled=false" elasticsearch:7.0.0

> You need also a minio server on port 9000 for s» related test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need a minio server on port 9000 for tests related to s3.
```

You can run it this way with Docker:

    docker pull minio/minio

>     docker run -p 9000:9000 -e MINIO_ACCESS_KEY=minioadmin -e MINIO_SECRET_KEY=minioadmin minio/minio server /data

Reviewer 2: I think we need to add some documentation about each parameter (to make sure not broken something on dev machine).

Reviewer 3: @PhilippeAccorsi  i Added some explanation about the command, check if this is enough for you (i don't think we should go too deep into s3 stuff here, we just show docker to run for tests).

> Create default test_storage_dir folder tree to make test work properly out of the box:

Reviewer 4: I think you are missing documentation for installing the s3 storage dependencies (be it for tests or production):
```shell
pip install -r requirements-s3.txt
```

Reviewer 2: Missing also new parameter in docker config file to activate this feature or maybe its just necessary to declare some env variable. Need documentation about that.
Can we install `requirements-s3.txt` by default and just activate S3 if user want to use this ?

Reviewer 4: Yes I think always installing the s3 requirements is ok (it not that big) and easier to handle. The user still has to configure a S3 storage to use it and he can still select a local storage of course.

Reviewer 3: I added the requirements-s3.txt in docker like database. Not sure we should add it to setup_default_backend script (we do only install sqlite driver there)
